Logging cluster labels (#25882)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cluster-logging-collector-log-forwarding-about.adoc

* `audit`. Logs generated by the node audit system (auditd) and the audit logs from the Kubernetes API server and the OpenShift API server. 
--
+

> You can add labels to outbound log messages using `key:value` pairs in the pipeline. For example, you could add a label to messages forwarded to others data centers or label the logs by type. Labels added to objects are also forwarded with the log message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add labels to outbound log messages by using `key:value` pairs in the pipeline. For example, you might add a label to messages that are forwarded to others data centers or label the logs by type. Labels that are added to objects are also forwarded with the log message.
```
